email - Sarah Liu, Parlor Owner, Binghamton, USA


From Rakesh Kukatla - Greeting's, Clinton Street, Socializing and Communication tool's I use.


Rakesh Kukatla <rakeshkelm@gmail.com> Tue, Nov 21, 2023 at 10:52 AM
To: sarahliu@parlorcityvegan.com
Cc: front@parlorcityvegan.com
Bcc: hello@parlorcityvegan.com


Dated:
November 21, 2023


Sent via email To:
sarahliu@parlorcityvegan.com, Sara Liu, Parlor Owner.


Sent via email Cc:
front@parlorcityvegan.com, Front house, Parlor operator.


Sent via email Bcc:
hello@parlorcityvegan.com, Back hello, Parlor operator.


Sent via email From:
rakeshkelm@gmail.com, Rakesh Kukatla, Independent Interest and Militia.


Subject:
From Rakesh Kukatla - Greeting's, Clinton Street, Socializing and
Communication tool's I use.


Hi Sarah,


Welcome to the district!.


If you would like to connect with me, I am available (at your convenience).


Thank you for sharing your name (pardon my spelling!) and providing me
with your business
card's. Thank you for informing me that the front was not open.


Clinton Street:
I walk (the sidewalk) on Clinton street everyday. It's a great way to
communicate with neighbor's in the district.


Just so, I can communicate with some one, if you are busy and/or
unavailable, at the Parlor. It would be great if you are able to
introduce me to Parlor front operator's. Please, feel free to share their
profiles and/or email addresses with me.


I have a preference for Resident Parlor front operator's (aka fresh
graduates who are in residence training). I also have a gender preference -
female (who have identified in the past, continue to identify in the
present and have reasonable - more likely than not - confidence on
their identity in the future).


District:
I have time for meeting new people and socializing. I am interested
in single, active young adult's. At the present time, I am available as a dance
partner for dancesses interested in both open and/or class dancing, in
addition to
other activities. I have a preference for Resident and/or open
dancesses and my gender
preference is the same, as above. It would be great if you are able to
introduce me to district neighbor's and other Parlor client's of interest.


Communication's:
I use web app's for all my communication's. A few are listed below. I am
also open to using one's you are comfortable with. It would be great if we can
setup communication's.


As alway's available, at your convenience.


Thank you,
Rakesh.
Independent interest and Militia (Independently Joint, Independent and
Professional)
Status: Unlucky bastard
USA - Banana republican's (aka United whore's, aka Romani)
USA = United slave america
aka = also known as (in government language)




--
-----
Smart Status
Unlucky (aka Bastard)
Single and Available


Smart Communication
Internet (aka Trailer net)
git : aka fool
p2p : git rakeshkelm
web : github.usa.saudiroyalist/irakeshkelm
smart apps : rakeshbingk@gmail.com
Cloud apps : Skype, Zoom, Team's and other


Smart Location
Cottage (aka Trailer park)
7 Elm Street, Exurban New York-Binghamton, Kingdom of NY 13905.
USA - Banana republican's (aka United whore's, aka Romani)
USA = United slave america